# Purpose  
I believe that learning programming, is more then just learning the syntax of the langague.  This is especially true for languages like c++, that are traditionally more system programming related, and thus likely to encounter understanding a variety of data formats for i/o.  To that end, I put togther a project that demonstrates a type of programming task one may encouter in c++: Converting graphic data from one format to another.  This project is a small focussed example to allow one the experience of of the c++ lanaguage (C++17 syntax, and few uses of the libraries), but also how to start interpreting binary data. All file formats are documented in the code, and references if applicable are also included.  The only thing that is not included is the actual data files that the program operates on.  These two files (texmaps.mul and texidx.mul) are part of the Ultima Online (@Electronic Arts) classic client, that is freely available.  I used these two files, as they are allow one to get a tangible result (pictures!) without getting bogged down in an overly complex file structure.
# Setup  
There is a macOS Xcode project and a VS2022 community edition solution available. In addition, a CMake file is included for building on a non macOS unix platform.
One can obtain the client files from https://uo.com/client-download/ and select the Classic Client option. Once the client is downloaded, start it one time (this patches the data files, to the latest versions). One does NOT need to run the client again, nor need any type of account.  The two files should be placed in a directory that is speciied in the main.cpp code (there is a OS specific Preprocessor define block that specifies the location).  The program will generate a bmp file for each texture graphic that is contained in the UO data files, and place them in the directory that the program is run from.  The file names will be the hex id for the texture graphic.
# Future
My hope is this can serve as a starting point of understanding a real life example of a programming task: Convert the graphic data from one format to another format.  This is not optmized code, and an excellent task for anyone using this to gain some understanding, would be to make changes to improve the performance and quality of the code.
# Exercise  
There are several exercises one can do to get a better understanding of using c++.  The following are just suggestions:  
1) Have the user specify the texture ids that are to be extraced, versuse extracting all the graphics  
2) Specify the texmaps.mul and texidx.mul files on the command line, versus hardcoding location.  
3) Improve the performance by removing redundant creation and moves of temporarary data structures  
4) Choose another graphic format for saves  
